Let me show you the code.
Here is what replaced the textbook version of Producer Tuning.
And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a HighThroughputProducer class in java that handles data serialization And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a HighThroughputProducer class in java that handles data serialization.
The HighThroughputProducer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.* module.
Now we insert the key-value pair into our map.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we call Properties() to handle the operation.
This is where we insert the key-value pair into our map.
we log the output to verify it works.